DOC-1651 update AWS VPC endpoints security group ports (#407)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/networking/pages/aws-privatelink.adoc

=== Add security group rules

The following example adds security group rules that work for any broker count by opening the documented per-broker port ranges.

> NOTE: For PrivateLink, clients connect to per-broker ports in 32000-32500 (Kafka API) and 35000-35500 (HTTP Proxy). Opening only a few ports by broker count can break producers/consumers for topics with many partitions. See xref:networking:cloud-security-network.adoc#private-service-connectivity-network-ports[Private service connectivity network ports].

Reviewer: nit for clarity 
```suggestion
NOTE: For PrivateLink, clients connect to individual ports for each broker in 32000-32500 (Kafka API) and 35000-35500 (HTTP Proxy). Opening only a few ports by broker count can break producers/consumers for topics with many partitions. See xref:networking:cloud-security-network.adoc#private-service-connectivity-network-ports[Private service connectivity network ports].
```

[,bash]
----
# Allow Kafka API bootstrap (seed)
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
  --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID --protocol tcp --port 30292 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0

# Allow Schema Registry
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
  --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID --protocol tcp --port 30081 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0

# Allow HTTP Proxy bootstrap
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
  --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID --protocol tcp --port 30282 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0

# Allow Redpanda Cloud Data Plane API / Prometheus (if needed)
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
  --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID --protocol tcp --port 443 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0

# Private service connectivity broker port pools
# Kafka API per-broker ports
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
  --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID --protocol tcp --port 32000-32500 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0

> 

Author: @coderabbitai review
